In this last part of the section,
we're now gonna accept credit card payments
in our application using Stripe
in order to allow our users to actually buy tours.
And so, let's open up a new tab here
and then on there open stripe.com.
So Stripe is the best and most popular
and also easiest to use software platform
to integrate payments into any website.
And a lot more about how it actually works a bit later,
but for now let's start by creating our free account.
So click here on free account
and then open up your own free account.
And once you are successfully signed in,
you should see a dashboard that looks something like this.
So when you open up a brand new account,
you will initially always be in test mode.
So that's what you can see down here with this test data.
Now, as soon as you really want to start
accepting real payments involving real money
from real customers, you will then have to activate
your Stripe account.
And for that, you will then have to provide Stripe
with a bunch of data about your business.
But of course in this project,
we're not gonna do that, so we will always just work
in this kind of test development mode, okay?
But otherwise, you just click here on start
or activate your account up here.
Now this dashboard is really easy and super intuitive
to use in my opinion.
So here you can see your payments,
which again is very easy,
and remember that this is all test data.
So all of these amounts here are, of course,
just fake amounts.
But anyway, you can see your customer here,
you can see the amount.
And when you open them up, you get even more information,
like the payment method here, so the credit card number.
And by the way, we actually never do get access
to the real credit card number of the customer.
So we will always just see these last four digits,
but never the real credit card number, okay?
Then you also get the overview
about what was actually purchased.
So, for example, The Snow Adventurer Tour.
And all of this here was, of course,
from when I was first building
the Natours application, okay?
So all of these are just test purchases.
Then we can also see our entire balance,
so basically all the money that we received.
And again, all of this is just test data.
Then we have our customers with a nice list of all of them.
And, yeah, all of this works really fine.
Now before we can get started,
we actually need to define a couple of settings
about our account.
So in your new account, you should see something like
"Unnamed Account", or something like that, here.
And so, you should also have, like a pen icon or something
where you can then create a name for the account.
And so please call that "Natours" or something else.
And if you have more businesses, then you can add
one account for each of these businesses, okay?
Or if you don't have the pencil icon here,
we can also go to the settings,
and then account information.
And so here is where you should put in the name
of this kind of business.
We can also define a couple of other settings,
so let's define the branding here,
which will make the Stripe Checkout pages
match our brand, basically.
So let's add our images.
So public, image, and then for the icon,
let's use this one.
And we can also upload a logo,
and for that, let's use this one.
Oh, and now we need our password in order to continue.
And now let's also change our color here.
So quickly open up the CSS file in public
and then find our typical green,
which is this one here.
So that looks a bit better.
Let's now save it here
and so with that, we're good to go.
Next up, let's take a look at our API keys.
So, click here on API keys
and if the website looks a bit different
by the time you're watching this video,
then maybe the keys are here at developers.
So here you also have something called API keys, okay?
Anyway, there is one publishable key and one secret key.
And so this one is basically a public key
that we can use on the front-end,
and a secret key is the one that is needed on the back-end.
And so more about that
once we actually start implementing it.
And finally, I also wanted to
take a quick look together with you at the documentation.
And so that's up here,
and actually Stripe is known
for its excellent documentation.
It's really easy to find what you're looking for
in this documentation.
But of course, when you're only getting started,
then it's very hard to even know
what you're looking for, right?
And so that's why we're implementing
this payment feature together here, right?
So we're gonna use the payment features of Stripe
and they have a couple of different options.
Now on the web, we can use Stripe Checkout
which is basically using a preformative Checkout page.
And so this is the one that we're gonna use,
or you can also use Stripe elements
when you really want to
build your own Checkout experience, okay?
But we will just use this Checkout
which is actually brand new
and so it's really future-proof at this point.
So these are the two options for the web,
but you can also Stripe on iOS, Android,
and really any other platform.
Then on Checkout, we can actually use it
on only the client or together with the server, okay?
So down here there is some comparison.
And so when we only use it on the client side,
then we don't even need a server at all.
But this way of using Stripe is only, really,
for really, really small stores,
so where you only have a handful of products
that never change their price
and where you actually have to
add all these products manually to your Stripe dashboards.
And so we want something a bit more complex
and so for that, we use the server integration, okay?
And so, of course we still need
to do something on the client side,
but most of the code will actually be on the server side.
Okay, so you see that there really is a lot of stuff
to do with Stripe, and we can even do a lot more.
So we could have billing where we have subscriptions
where we have invoices and all that good stuff.
So really, you could build a huge business
on top of Stripe and accept subscriptions,
save customers to databases,
and all that integrated into Stripe.
But again, what we're gonna do here
is to simply use the Checkout,
but the more complete version of it
by using the server Checkout.
Alright, but now before we actually start
to integrate the Stripe Checkout product
into our application,
I just wanted to quickly layout the entire workflow
that we're gonna implement over the next couple of videos.
So it all starts on the back-end
where we're gonna implement a route to create
a so-called Stripe Checkout Session.
And this Session is gonna contain a bunch of data
about the object that can be purchased.
And in our example, that's the tour.
So The Session will contain the tour price,
the tour name, a product image, and also some other details
like the client e-mail.
So we will see that actually in the next video.
Then, on the front-end, we're gonna create a function
to request the Checkout Session from the server
once the user clicks the buy button.
So once we hit the end point
that we created on the back-end,
that will then create a Session and send it back
to the client.
Then, based on that Session,
Stripe will automatically create a Checkout page for us
where the user can then input all the details
like credit card number, expiration date, and all that.
Then, again, using The Session,
we will finally charge the credit card.
And for that, we're gonna need the public key,
so the one that we just saw before.
So the secret key we will need on the server
as you'll see up there in the first step,
and the public key is gonna be used on the front-end.
And what's really important to note here
is that it's really Stripe,
which will together with The Session,
charge the credit card, and so therefore,
the credit card details never even reach our server,
which makes our lives as developers a lot easier
because then we don't have to deal with
all the security stuff that's related with
managing and storing credit cards, okay?
So Stripe takes all that away from us,
we basically just use their API like this.
Anyway, once the credit card has successfully been charged,
we can then use something called Stripe Webhooks
on our back-end, in order to create new bookings.
Now, this part of the workflow
will only work for deployed websites,
so websites that are already running on a server.
And so this part of the workflow,
we're only gonna be able to implement
by the end of the next section, okay?
But for now, we will actually find
a temporary work-around to this,
which is not really secure,
but it's gonna work just fine for now, okay?
So keep this diagram in mind and also this concept
that we actually use The Session to charge a credit card
and we don't really do that directly.
So, see you in the next video.